---
title: Jam 205
summary: Hexmix as a mixing powerhouse and Arbhar for atmospheric sounds
date: 2020-09-05 12:00:00
lang: fr
tags:
- jam
category:
- modular
- music
- eurorack
- jam
- patreon
---

https://vimeo.com/454091293

A new Jam ! It's been a long time since I had recorded anything. Hope you like it.

As you can hear, the musical/party side was not the most important. It can be improved a lot. (note to myself: find another camera angle to not have my belly as the main protagonist.)

This Jam had two purposes:

1. Test the new Befaco Hexmix system as my main mixing solution.
2. Use the Instruo Arbhar to create a bed sound to fill the space and have some sort of safety net in the interludes.

I’m very happy with the result on the technical side.  The Hexmix does a really good job. I love those temporary switches. And the PFL helps me to identify:

- which samples I’m going to load in the Squid Salmple
- which algorithm is selected on Plaits (and what sound sound it produce)
- what sounds will play Radio Music

The Arbhar is used as an effect. I use the « Aux » to send sounds and create atmospheric background sound. It works very well. I only need a way to clear Arbhar’s buffer when I need. I can try different things like:

- Set the density of the grains to 0
- Use the follow mode
- Use a sawtooth wave and an « end of fall » trigger to control the capture

So, there is still a lot to improve and explore. That's what's great about Eurorack. Your system is always evolving.

## Modules in my rack

- Alright Devices - Zzzorb
- 4ms Compagny - Passive Mult Kit
- 4ms Compagny - Passive Mult Kit
- Alm Busy Circuit - MCO
- Alm Busy Circuit - Pamela New Workout
- Alm Busy Circuit - Squid Salmple
- Alm Busy Circuit - Tangle Quartet
- Bastl Instruments - Kompas
- Befaco - Divkid Mutes
- Befaco - Hexmix
- Befaco - Hexpander
- Befaco - STmix
- Frap Tools - 321
- Intellijel - FSR
- Intellijel - Headphone 1U
- Intellijel - Quadrat
- Intellijel - Quadrax
- Intellijel - USB
- Intellijel - Zeroscope
- Malekko Heavy Industry - Mix 3
- Malekko Heavy Industry - Varigate 8+
- Malekko Heavy Industry - Voltage Block
- Music Thing Modular - Radio Music
- Mutable Instruments - Branches
- Mutable Instrumnets - Grids
- Mutable Instrumnets - Links
- Mutables Instruments - Plaints
- Noise Engineering - Basimilus Iteritas Alter
- Noise Engineering - Lapsus Os
- Noise Engineering - Viol Ruina
- Qu-bit Electronix - Bloom
- Qu-bit Electronix - Prism
- Robaux - 3pt
- SSF - Autodyne 2x


