---
date: 2025-04-01T19:54:38.511+02:00
in_reply_to: https://social.lol/@amerpie/114222812317218356
syndication:
  - https://social.lol/@alienlebarge/114264008000513045
updated: 2025-04-01T20:01:14.186+02:00
---

@amerpie@social.lol
Here is their response (translated from french with Kagi):
 
## My question
 
> Hello,
>
> With the current political climate, many people are looking to leave services hosted in the United States. On social media, I promote kDrive to those looking for a European storage solution, as I am a satisfied user. I recently discovered that your offer is only available to people residing in Europe or Switzerland. Could you explain why?
>
> https://www.infomaniak.com/fr/support/faq/2485/comprendre-les-limites-de-loffre-my-ksuite
>
> Thanks for your help.
> Best regards,
 
## Infomaniak's response
 
> Hello,
>
> Thank you very much for your message and for your trust – as well as for your support on social networks, it touches us a lot. Please excuse the response time, our teams are particularly busy at the moment with the success of our offers, and we are actively strengthening our response capacity.
>
> Regarding your question: access to free offers such as my.kSuite is currently limited to Switzerland and the European Union for reasons of availability and load balancing. Indeed, these formulas are fully financed by Infomaniak, without the use of personal data or advertising, and opening them internationally would lead to a storage and bandwidth load that we could not guarantee without compromising its quality.
>
> We understand the growing demand for ethical, transparent and European solutions, and we are exploring ways to allow a gradual opening, but without ever deviating from our commitments in terms of sovereignty, confidentiality and sustainability.
>
> Thank you again for your commitment and your loyalty to our services.
>
> Thank you for your trust. We remain at your disposal.
